Improving readability and tone by removing superfluous terms (#5160)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/languages/python/getting-started.md

This page will show you how to get started with OpenTelemetry in Python.

> You learn how you can instrument an application automatically, in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will learn how to instrument an application automatically, in
```
